In this practical, hands-on course, learn how to do data preparation, data munging, data visualization, and predictive analytics. 
PHP is the most popular server-side language used to build dynamic websites, and though it is not especially difficult to use, nonprogrammers often find it intimidating. 
Due to its power and simplicity, Python has become the scripting language of choice for many large organizations, including Google, Yahoo, and IBM.
Are you new to cloud computing? If so, this course can help you bolster your cloud computing skillset by familiarizing you with the business and tech-related basics of creating a cloud architecture. 
Many of the people who work on data science teams won't be data scientists. They'll be the managers and associates who want to gain real business value from your organization's data.
Node.js is a platform built on the Chrome JavaScript runtime that can help you build fast, scalable network applications. 
All data science begins with good data. Data mining is a framework for collecting, searching, and filtering raw data in a systematic matter, ensuring you have clean data from the start.
If you're going to work with big data, you'll probably be using R or Python. And if you're using Python, you'll be definitely using Pandas and NumPy, the third-party packages designed specifically for data analysis.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is one of the most widely used cloud platforms, and the go-to for many organizations looking to reduce costs by adopting a cloud infrastructure strategy.
Many data science specialists are looking to pivot toward focusing on machine learning. This course covers the essentials of machine learning, including predictive analytics and working with decision trees. 
Modern work in data science requires skilled professionals versed in analysis workflows and using powerful tools. Python can play an integral role in nearly every aspect of working with data—from ingest, to querying, to extracting and visualizing. 
Strengthen your understanding of Python—the popular object-oriented language by tackling a series of hands-on projects.
Whether you're actively looking for a new job, or you just want to keep your coding skills sharp, it's important to refresh your understanding of the kinds of front-end and full-stack developer code that potential employers value.
Do you want to start a career in cloud computing, but don't know where to begin? If so, this course can help by providing an ideal foundational mapping of the career paths and certifications that IT professionals should consider if they're interested in transitioning to cloud computing.
Learn how to create effective graphical user interfaces (GUIs) with minimal code using Python. 
Web developers don't have to do everything by hand. There are many tools and frameworks that can make your workflow more productive and efficient—helping you code faster and cleaner than before. 
AWS dominates the cloud computing market, but there's aren't enough trained AWS professionals to go around. Become an AWS Certified Solutions Architect to jump start your career in this exciting field. 
Most leading private clouds provide similar features. So, how can you select the right solution for your organization? This course examines industry-leading private cloud platforms and compares the services offered.
Do you want to become a web developer? Nowadays, web development isn't one job. There is a range of technologies and career options to explore. 
Design patterns encourage programming efficiency and code reuse. This course is a look at traditional design patterns as applied to Python. 
